Feature/4272  add emoji reactions (#4278)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/cli.md

    tracimcli db update-naming-conventions

### Migrate Mysql/Mariadb database to utf8mb4 (added for tracim 3.7)

> :warning: This will modify the character set and collation of Tracim's database, including the already existing tables. We strongly suggest you to do a backup before applying this command.

Reviewer: Can we purpose command or a link to official documentation to make this backup ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:warning: This will modify the character set and collation of Tracim's database, including the already existing tables. We strongly suggest you to do a backup of the database before applying this command. We suggest you do follow official documentation of your database to do so.
```

> Useful to migrate old databases on mysql or mariadb in order to have full unicode support. This is mandatory starting with version 3.7 to support emoji reactions.

Reviewer: > This is mandatory starting

What is going on if I strat tracim without apply this migration ? 
- Tracim stop with an explicit error ?
- Nothing visible but error appear when I save content ?
- error appear just if I save a reaction ?

Add information to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Useful to migrate old databases on mysql or mariadb in order to have full unicode support. This is mandatory starting with version 3.7 to support emoji reactions.

This fix is needed for proper working emoji character in tracim, don't applying this fix will lead to an almost working tracim, but adding emoji or complex unicode character in tracim will fail, this will make impossible to add any reaction.
```

> Useful to migrate old databases on mysql or mariadb in order to have full unicode support. This is mandatory starting with version 3.7 to support emoji reactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Useful to migrate old databases on MySQL or MariaDB in order to have full Unicode support. This is mandatory on Tracim version 3.7 and later to support emoji reactions.
```

For mysql 8.0.1+ (force collation to `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` as this is better than `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci`):
```bash
tracimcli db migrate-mysql-charset -d --collation utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci
```

For mariadb 10.3+ (use collation `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci` by default):
```bash
tracimcli db migrate-mysql-charset -d

> ```

Reviewer: Do you have an idea if on some existing installation, an error can be appear when starting migration ?

Reviewer 2: Don't see much case where this can happened. you can have issue if you try to but an unknown charset or collation through this database, so it can failed:
- if you explicitly set an unavailable charset/collation on a database which has not this collation, the command for mysql 8.0.1 with `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` failed on mariadb because`utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` don't exist on it.
- if in some new version of mariadb/mysql, one of them drop the support of collation `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci` which is very unlikely.
- some other weird case of breaking chang upstream.
